# Cloud-Provider-Selection-Recommendation-Using-Machine-Learning
Cloud computing (CC) has recently been receiving tremendous attention from the IT trade and educational researchers. CC leverages its distinctive services to cloud customers in a very pay-as-you-go, anytime and anyplace manner. As well as Cloud services offer dynamically scalable services on demand. Therefore, service supplying plays a key role in CC. Then, it is good opportunity for customers to find suitable and lowly cost service for their project. Specially, Customer must be able to select appropriate cloud service according to their needs and money. It is time-consuming task for consumers to collect the necessary information and analyze from all cloud service providers to make right decision. As well as it is also a highly demanding task from a computational perspective because multiple consumers who have similar requirements conduct same computations repeatedly. They provide all products you might need for moving your business to the cloud. But these product offerings differ in pricing as well as the naming of their services. Some Businessmen already may use on-premises infrastructure or think which infrastructure will use for my project. They may have more complex problems like how to choose a cloud service, which services want use and specially how many costs want to pay for monthly or yearly. Sometimes, someone already use a cloud services, they have lot of problems like more expensive, less flexibility, hard to use, overwhelming options of services, poor management of GUI and tool, complex price schema and other issues. However, they must spend more price and time as useless. Because they could not select best cloud service provider early to their business. For solving the cloud service selection problem, many researchers have proposed some approaches including multicriteria decision analysis (MCDA) and Brokerage-Based Approach. But we cannot see any machine learning prediction system for solving this issue. This system enables the user to choose from among a number of available choices. In this paper, we make a neural network with TensorFlow to service selection in CC. This system focuses on three main players in CC. There are Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud Platform in the race for cloud services providers. I identify and synthesize several products relevant for web services in Cloud providers. There are Featured, Compute, Storage, Database, Networking, Operation, Identity &amp; Access and Cost. As well as I focus on Small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs). Because these are most aggressive segment in cloud service. It is less-complex IT needs, fewer legacy applications and less IT support than larger enterprises. We use Support Vector Machine (SVM), Multiple linear regression (MLR) and Multiple-criteria decision analysis (MCDA). We develop efficient and flexible recommendation system for ranking cloud service providers. I prove accuracy and effectiveness of our approach through an experimental study with the real and synthetic Cloud data.
